# SNHU_CS250

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
This process begins with a conversation with users to see what problems they may encounter that need to be solved. We can then take those issues and create user stories for each of them to serve as a requirement for our project to fulfill. By going through and creating features or code to address each of these user stories we created we can put together a cohesive project that will solve real problems our audience is experiencing and create a valuable end product. 

How do I approach developing programs? What Agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
My approach to development begins by taking the time to ensure I have thoroughly laid out each requirement for my project. This gives a solid foundation from which to build upon and can avoid obstacles in development by thinking about potential issues in advance. Once that is done, I will try to lay out these requirements in an order that makes sense to do first, giving them a rough priority ranking. By doing this I can develop in a natural order and avoid dependencies issues of some features that build upon the MVP. Finally, when all the requirements have been fulfilled, I'll begin testing the software to ensure it is working as intended and actually, truly fulfilling those requirements. 

I think this development process fits into Agile already, but to me Agile is more about how I interact with the team and organization as a whole and not just my personal development process. The aspect of Agile I like the best is how focused it is on one small chunk of the larger goal each sprint can be. I love that it thoroughly creates and tests that sprint goal and then checks that it has been properly fulfilled before moving on to the next story point. I find that I can often spend a lot of time going back to code I think I've already completed to adjust it later as I'm working on other features.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
Being a good team member to me involves respect and communication. First of, everyone deserves respect both personally and professionally and if you start on that basic level of respect for each other you can begin to build a team of trusting individuals. That opens the door to communication, not just basic communication of "Here's what I'm working on..." but to the level of feeling like it's okay to ask for help when it's needed and to give feedback when you think something can be improved. Both of those tasks, help and feedback, are crucial to the success of a team and they are the deepest form of professional communication, but they don't happen without trust, which is built out of respect.
